Common Development and Distribution License (CDDL) Version 1.0

1. Definitions.

1.1. "Contributor" means each individual or entity that creates or contributes
to the creation of Modifications.

1.2. "Contributor Version" means the combination of the Original Software,
prior Modifications used by a Contributor (if any), and the Modifications made
by that particular Contributor.

1.3. "Covered Software" means (a) the Original Software, or (b) Modifications,
or (c) the combination of files containing Original Software with files
containing Modifications, in each case including portions thereof.

1.4. "Executable" means the Covered Software in any form other than Source Code.

1.5. "Initial Developer" means the individual or entity that first makes
Original Software available under this License.

1.6. "Larger Work" means a work which combines Covered Software or portions
thereof with code not governed by the terms of this License.

1.7. "License" means this document.

1.8. "Licensable" means having the right to grant, to the maximum extent
possible, whether at the time of the initial grant or subsequently acquired,
any and all of the rights conveyed herein.

1.9. "Modifications" means the Source Code and Executable form of any of the
following: A) Any file that results from an addition to, deletion from or
modification of the contents of a file containing Original Software or previous
Modifications; B) Any new file that contains any part of the Original Software
or previous Modification; or C) Any new file that is contributed or otherwise
made available under the terms of this License.

1.10. "Original Software" means the Source Code and Executable form of computer
software code that is originally released under this License.

1.11. "Source Code" means the preferred form of the Covered Software for making
modifications.

2. License Grants.

2.1. The Initial Developer Grant. The Initial Developer hereby grants You a
world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive license under intellectual property
rights to use, reproduce, modify, display, perform, sublicense and distribute
the Original Software (or portions thereof), with or without Modifications,
and/or as part of a Larger Work.

3. Distribution Obligations.

3.1. Availability of Source Code. Any Covered Software that You distribute in
Executable form must also be made available in Source Code form.

THE FULL TEXT OF THIS LICENSE IS AVAILABLE AT:
https://opensource.org/licenses/CDDL-1.0
